# Q4

## QUESTION

The following question has you use RSA, but with larger values (but still not anywhere close to the size of the numbers one would use in a secure cryptographic protocol like TLS/SSL).

You may use a program that you write, ​Wolfram Alpha,​ or any other computer program to help you solve this problem.

For all of these, it is sufficient to just include your number in the answer, unless the question explicitly asks for additional detail.

Let `p=9497` and `q=7187` and `e=3`.

- Compute `N=p*q`. What is `N`?
- ​Compute `Phi(N) = (p-1)(q-1)`. What is `Phi(N)`?
- Verify and show that `e` is relatively prime to `Phi(N)`. What method did you use to verify this?
- Compute `d` as the inverse of `e` modulo `Phi(N)`. What is `d`?
- ​Encrypt the value `P = 13571357` with the RSA primitive and the values for `N` and `e` above. Let `C` be the resulting ciphertext. What is `C`?
- Verify and show that you can decrypt `C` using `d` as the private exponent to get back `P`. What method did you use to verify this?
- Decrypt the value `C' = 24682468` using the RSA primitive and your values for `N` and `d` above. Let `P'` be the resulting plaintext. What is `P'`?
- Verify and show that you can encrypt `P'` using `e` as the public exponent to get back `C'`. What method did you use to verify this?


## ANSWER

- `N = 68254939`
- `Phi(N) = 68238256`
- We can verify and show that `e` is relatively prime to `Phi(N)` by showing that the greatest common divisor of `e` and `Phi(N)` is 1.
- `d = 45492171`
- `C = 36386933`
- `P = Decrypt(C) = C^d mod N = 13571357`
- `P' = Decrypt(C') = C'^d mod N = 35170944`
- `C' = Encrypt(P') = P'^e mod N = 24682468`

See `q4.py` for more details.